Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- People always ask me.
"What's it like to be
a child of immigrants
in this country?"
Do you wanna know the truth?
All you do is lie.
[sniffling]
Hey. Ma.
Yeah. I'm taking
the 4:00 p.m. train.
Yeah. I did so good. they
let me off early this week.
[small laugh]
[exhales]
I love you. Mama.
Okay. Bye.
[whispering]
Oh. fuck.
[sighs]
Getting laid off sucks.
Ooh!
[bright music]
♪ ♪
[music distorts. resumes]
My parents like to leave me
gifts on my nightstand
when I come home
for the weekend.
Jesus Christ. Why?
♪ ♪
- Mama! Did you watch
the Trump inauguration?
We TiVoed it for you.
- Yeah. Mama. it was great.
- You know what I love
the most?
The Irish dancers
had no tattoos.
Such nice young men.
The greatest president
of our time.
- Mm-hmm.
I recently came out
to my parents...
as a Democrat.
♪ Mami. Papi. la baby's home ♪
♪ La baby's home ♪
They took it really hard.
- You donated
to Hillary Clinton.
- [speaking Spanish]
I need money.
- Wait. you guys
opened my mail?
- You don't like us
opening your mail.
get a PO box!
You're a Democrat. Mama?
When did you know?
Did you experiment
at Rutgers?
- Si!
- Me? It's my fault?
- Yes.
- Okay. Explain that one
to me. please.
- Bueno--
- Because she has
two parents. Jose. two.
[arguing continues]
- I told them
it was a phase.
- None of it is my fault.
I didn't raise a Democrat--
- [sobbing]
- [mouthing words]
[phone buzzes]
Oh. Papi. I need to get back
to New York early today.
- [speaking Spanish]
I keep telling you.
all this time
spent chasing your dreams
is time spent away
from your family.
- Ma. it's an event for work.
It's not an audition.
Remember. it starts at 8:00.
- Oh. that's different then.
Why didn't you say something?
- Papi. remember Los Oscars?
- It's like the Oscars.
but they give them out
to people
who work in the office.
- Mamita. let me drive you.
Look. I brought you
stuff from Home Goods.
- Ma. no. I don't need
all that stuff.
We redecorated recently--
- I wouldn't know.
I'm not allowed there.
- Eeee!
[mouse squeaking]
Aah! Oh. my God!
I'm gonna die!
- Is your roommate there.
Emel?
- Papi. it's pronounced
Amel.
como  George Clooney's wife.
- Mama. I love him.
I'm so happy
he finally settled down.
- Is Emel con  Isis?
- Papi. stop.
She's Muslim.
Don't say that.
- Jose. that's racist!
But Mama. be careful. okay?
Be nice to her.
Here. give her the pork chops
from last night.
Mamita. are you sure
I can't drive you?
- No. Mama. I don't need help.
This is not a lot.
- Isabel. let her be--this is
how they living in Nueva York.
They carry bookbags
and living con  Isis.
- Mama. wait.
Santa Miguel. Mama.
Put this in your purse.
That way. he can
always protect you.
- Mama. this is heavy.
- I know.
That's why...
I got you
the matching necklace.
You can always
turn to him now.
Lift hair.
- Mm-hmm.
"Saint Michael. pray for us."
- Okay.
I'm gonna go get ready.
- Put it in your purse.
- Putting it in now. Mama.
[father speaking Spanish]
Remember. Papi loves you.
Mami loves you.
[train whistle blows]
Love you. baby.
- Love you. too. Papi.
[energetic music]
[grunts]
♪ ♪
Ah. This is so heavy.
[grunts]
I don't even use olive oil.
♪ ♪
[whispers] Shit.
Hey. girl.
Oh. look who's doing yoga!
- Jackie--scarf.
I'm praying.
Go unpack your stuff.
- Okay.
[bags rustling]
See ya in the kitchen.
Living in New York
can be difficult.
but I'm so grateful
for Amel.
She works as a paralegal and
is pursuing a stunt career.
She keeps it real.
We met on Craigslist.
but I lied about that too.
Mama. I got a new roommate.
- That's great. Mami.
What nationality is she?
You didn't meet her
on Craigslist. right?
Please don't tell me
you met her on Craigslist.
You know that's how
people get killed.
- No. Ma. we met at work.
- Ay. thank God.
You know. I taped
that special on "Dateline"
about those killers
so you could watch it.
You gonna watch it?
- I'm gonna watch it. Mama.
I promise.
- See?
- Girl.
your parents know there's food
in New York. right?
- [chuckles]
There is a sale at Costco.
- You're back kinda early.
- [singsong]
I have a date tonight.
- Another internet guy?
- No. Manny.
- Oh! The Cuban Ed Norton.
That's cool. cool. cool. um...
so. doesn't he smoke weed
like every day?
- Amel. it's how he relaxes.
- First thing
in the morning?
- We have a connection.
Manny gets me.
Mmm!
Other guys usually don't.
like Eric.
the startup founder
with white parents.
[phone buzzing]
I have to get that.
I think it's my mom.
- You talked to your mom
like 20 minutes ago.
[phone buzzing]
I haven't talked to my mom
in like a month.
- Yeah. Mama?
Oh. the clementines
are on sale?
4.99?
That's a good price. Mama.
Yeah. Yeah.
can you get me the coupon?
- So what's really going on
with you guys?
- I don't know. we've been
hanging for two months now.
and I think
it's getting serious.
[squeals]
- So does that mean like
you're bringing him
to your work thingamajig
or...
- I got laid off.
- What? What happened?
Jackie. you just started.
- I know! They said
they ran out of money
and this is what happens
at a startup.
It's awful.
- That really sucks.
So what are you gonna do?
- I dunno.
I'm trying to figure it out.
- Well. now you can
at least audition
during the day
and then work at night.
- No. no. no. no auditions.
I'm not auditioning.
I'm not ready yet.
- You're not an actress
if you're not auditioning.
and you haven't gone
on one audition yet.
- Wow.
Way to kick me when I'm down.
- Did you forget why
you moved to New York?
- [huffs]
- What's with the chain?
Are you going through
a J.Lo phase again?
- No. my mom gave it to me.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. my--speak of the devil.
[buzzing]
I forgot to call her.
Hey. Mama.
Hi. Mamita!
Did you get in okay?
- Yeah. Ma. I got in okay.
Don't worry.
- You didn't text me.
then your papi
turned on the news.
and they were talking about
people falling
in the subway tracks.
I was so worried.
- Yeah.
- Mama. you left your mug here.
- Oh. I thought I left it
in the hamper.
- I bought it for you
so you could
take it to work.
- Keep it there. Ma.
I can use it when I get home.
- Is this because your boss
is a Democrat?
- Ma. I don't know
if he's a Democrat.
What does that matter?
- Why are you getting
so defensive. okay?
I'm just asking.
I know how important it is
for you to be around
Democrats.
I'm just asking if--
what's your boss's name
again?
- My boss's name?
Um...uh...Michael Scott.
- If Michael Scott is one.
maybe he would be offended
if you brought this mug
to work.
and that's why
you left it here.
- I told you.
I'm not a Democrat.
I'm just going through
some stuff.
- Don't forget...
[speaking Spanish]
To your parents. okay?
We did not flee Cuba
so you could become one.
- Democrats
aren't communists. Mama.
- Never forget
the opportunities
that this country
gave to us. okay?
[speaks Spanish]
Did you find out what you're
gonna wear to the Oscars?
- Not yet.
Okay. Mama. gotta go.
Love you. bye.
- Send me pictures!
- Safe to say
you haven't told them yet.
- Amel. you don't understand.
No one in my family has ever
moved out of New Jersey.
I can't tell them--they would
make my life miserable.
- They're gonna find out
eventually.
- Would you tell your baba
that you got laid off.
and instead of finding
another job
that you're
"pursuing your dream"?
- Hell. no!
- Thank you.
- And leave my baba
out of this.
Michael Scott
is your boss now?
Really. Jackie?
What else are you lying about?
- I eat the peanut butter
from your jar.
but I follow the pattern
so you don't know I ate it.
- First of all.
that's not lying.
I see you do it. okay?
And I'm just saying you're in
a financial hole right now.
Mami and Papi could really
help you out of it.
What are you doing with
the Ziploc bags?
- These are my almonds.
my new meals.
It's gonna save me
a ton of money.
Yeah.
- Who made you this way?
- By the way. where are you
going with all that makeup?
- I am going to train
with Denise.
- Oh!
Is Sean working today?
- Why are you smiling
like that?
- I'm smiling because
I'm thinking about what
I'm gonna say at your wedding.
and it's making me
very happy.
- You are so dramatic.
- And you're so into him.
Just give him a chance.
- Look. bro. I'm focusing
on my goals right now. okay?
You should too. like--
- ♪ Goin' to the chapel.
and we're ♪
♪ Gonna get ma-a-arried ♪
- I'm not Christian. so...
- Oh. my God. Amel.
I'm so sorry.
♪ Goin' to the mosque.
and we're ♪
♪ Gonna get ma-a-arried ♪
♪ Going to the mo-osque ♪
♪ Of love ♪
- I really wish you'd grow up.
- Tell Sean I said hi.
- That was really good.
You've had a lot of progress
in the past few weeks.
- Thank you so much!
- No. I mean. like.
there's people I been working
with for years
that haven't. you know.
like committed
and. um. put in
the kind of work--
but good work.
Good job. good job.
- Thank you.
- I'll see you tomorrow. right?
- Yep!
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- Ladies and gentlemen. watch
how Amel flirts with Sean.
- Hey. where's your friend?
- What?
- Where's your friend.
the one that's always. uh.
dancing?
- She's busy.
- Oh. so you flying solo.
- Yeah.
- That's what's up.
[chuckling]
- I'm sorry. is there something
that I can help you with. or...
- Yeah. uh. well.
I'm here in case you need
a training buddy.
- Naw. I'm all good
on that. I--
I have enough buddies.
Thanks.
- Well. I mean.
I'm a fitness and--
[clears throat]
Hey!
[chuckles]
[percussive music]
♪ ♪
- You cute.
- ♪ Boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaz ♪
♪ Boom boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaza ♪
♪ Boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaz ♪
- No! I haven't lost weight.
I'm always thin like this.
[giggling]
- ♪ Boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaza ♪
♪ Boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaz ♪
♪ Boom boom bala gaza ♪
[phone buzzing]
♪ Boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaz ♪
♪ Boom boom bala gaza.
boom bala gaz-- ♪
- Hello?
- Where are you?
- Papi. I'm on my way
to Los Oscars.
- Papi. I told you already.
Remember. the event for work.
They give you awards
and you network.
- No. Papi. como
meeting people in your field.
- Oh. okay. I was watching
el news on Telemundo.
- Don't use them.
Son  dangerous.
You need to meet people
outside. at parties.
at salsa dancing--
only weirdos meet online.
- Papi. no one meets
salsa dancing anymore.
Everyone meets online now.
- Are you talking to Jackie?
- Eh.
- Bueno. give me the phone.
I wanna know
what she has on
for Los Oscars.
- Tu  mama wants to know
what you're wearing to--
- Gimme the phone!
- Pero. que--
[overlapping yelling]
- Jackie? Es Mami.
Mama. did you dress up
for the Oscars?
Send me a picture.
You must look super classy.
- Yeah. Mama. I look. uh...
really classy.
- Are you up for an award?
- Yeah. I'm up for. uh.
Most Improved.
- Mama. you just started
that job--is that bad?
Most Improved means you're bad.
- Yeah. no. Mama. I'm most
improved for using...a fitbit.
We have a fitbit challenge.
It's a walking challenge.
- Jose. it's a walking
challenge.
- Most improved for walking.
- [speaking Spanish]
- Bueno. Your father says
you should know
how to walk by now.
- Okay. I'm walking
to Los Oscars.
I love you guys!
Bye!
- Bye.
Most Improved.
She did a good job.
- She's not fired.
She's working.
She's working
and she's walking.
which is more than
I can say for you.
She should be sitting
in her chair. her computer.
- Jojo. I don't see you
winning any prizes
for most improved for walking.
No way.
Okay?
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Hey. superstar.
- Good to see you.
- Good to see you too.
You look amazing.
- What's up?
- I was just on the phone
with my dad. and he was trying
to give me dating advice.
He said that I should meet guys
out salsa dancing.
- Huh.
- That I'll meet a nice
young man now.
- Does he know
that's how we did?
- No.
I don't wanna give him
the satisfaction.
[both laugh]
- You're terrible.
Let's get a drink.
- Yes. let's go.
- My friend.
[electronic music
playing over speakers]
♪ ♪
- You know. if you wait
a beat before you kick.
it'll actually
help you with your balance
and give you more power
for that follow-up.
- I got it.
Thank you.
- I'm just trying
to help out.
I mean.
as the fitness manager.
I gotta make sure
all my members are okay.
- Wait. So you're in charge
of hiring
the fitness instructors?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Could you get me
Zumba audition?
- You wanna teach Zumba?
- No.
Jackie.
My friend.
[mellow music playing]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- Cuban parents.
- It's too much.
- How do they feel
about you acting?
I mean. are they supportive?
- Oh...yeah.
A hundred percent.
Lies.
- That's great.
I mean. at least
they know what acting is.
- Yeah.
- I told my parents
I handle Walmart's data. that
I'm a data scientist. right?
My dad didn't understand.
and now he just tells everybody
that I work at Walmart.
[both chuckle]
- Poor Papi--ooh. ooh.
[phone buzzes]
Sorry. one second.
Let me just...
Speaking of which...
Guess who just
texted me.
- Papi texted the answer
right away.
Listen.
I would be on high alert too
if you were my daughter.
You have everything
going for you.
- Play it cool. Jack.
God. look at him.
He's definitely the one.
- [mouthing words]
You look so beautiful
when you do that.
- He's imagined me
as his wife.
When I do what?
- Look to the side like that--
that. yeah. yeah.
You have a really
beautiful profile.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- Can I tell you something?
- That you wanna
be with me forever?
- I really enjoy
hanging out with you.
getting to know you
these past few months.
- Me too.
Oh. my God. he's gonna say it!
[phone buzzes]
Oh. God.
[chuckles]
- It's my dad.
[laughs]
Aw. he sent me a picture
of my goddaughter Gabby.
You wanna see?
- Yeah. let me see.
She's so cute.
Aww.
Wait. were those titties?
- Oh. uh...
- Those were titties.
- Yeah. it's some girl
I slept with a long time ago.
She keeps sending me
pictures.
- Well. tell her
to fucking stop!
Shit.
I shouldn't have said that.
- Why would I do that?
It's not like we're exclusive.
Jackie. wait. Jackie.
Jackie. wait!
- [crying]
- ♪ I just wanna love you ♪
♪ Love you. love you.
love you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I just wanna love you ♪
[door hinges creak]
- Hey. boo. how'd it go?
[door slams]
[phone chimes. buzzes]
[phone ringing]
- [sniffling]
[exhales]
Hi. Ma.
- Ay. Mama.
I'm so happy you picked up.
I just had the most terrible
dream. and you were in it.
You were upstairs
in your room.
and you were crying for me.
and I couldn't get to you.
You kept yelling. "Mami!"
And I couldn't unlock the door.
You sound upset.
Were you watching "Selena"
again?
- No. Ma. I'm fine.
I. uh.
I got home late
from the Oscars
and I just walked in.
I'm just very tired.
- You didn't send me
any pictures.
Ay. Mama. it scares me
to think of you
out at this time.
but go to bed.
I just needed
to hear your voice.
You don't need
any money. right?
- No. Ma. I'm fine.
- Okay. Mama.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Love you.
Mama!
- [grunts]
- Mama.
- What. Ma?
- Did Emel like
the pork chops?
- Yeah. Ma. she loved them.
- Good.
I'll make her some more
for next weekend.
Okay. baby.
I love you so much.
- You too.
- [sighs]
- [loud snore]
[knock on door]
- You don't have
to follow the lines.
- [sniffles]
Everything is falling apart.
Amel.
I feel like su--
I feel like such a failure.
I can't even tell my mom
to stop making you pork chops.
- At least you got
Selena watching over you.
- I guess.
[energetic dance music]
Amel got me a Zumba audition.
and I need to practice.
♪ ♪
- Nice moves.
[music stops]
[laughing]
- Oh. my God.
- Why haven't you
returned my calls?
You ran out that night.
and I never heard
from you again.
- I've actually been
really busy.
and I actually have to go--
I have a work call.
I'm gonna get going.
- Oh. hey. you got a new job?
- It's for Zumba.
- I thought Zumba
was a dance class.
- You don't know it all.
Just--
[phone buzzes]
- Papi's still
annoying you. huh?
- Why do you assume
it's my dad?
It can be an agent
or a guy I'm dating.
- I know it's not a guy
you're dating because
no one calls each other
in New York. so...
- [chuckles]
Well. you don't know it all.
Oh. look. it's actually
a guy I slept with a month ago.
and he keeps texting me
pictures of his gigantic penis.
- You're still mad over that?
- Am I still mad over that?
Am I still mad over that?
- Okay. okay. okay.
- Are you crazy?
- Poor choice of words.
I'm sorry.
Please believe me
when I tell you
that girl means nothing to me.
I told her to stop.
- That's too bad.
because from her tits.
I can tell she was
such a really nice girl.
- Okay.
- I thought that when you
hang out with someone
for two months straight
that they were exclusive
and there's something going on.
- There is!
So you mean to tell me
that you've been exclusive
this entire time?
- Yes.
I just wanna be with you.
That's none of your business.
That's really not.
- Yeah. you probably
haven't been.
I saw you texting and smiling
underneath the table.
- I was texting Amel!
- You told me you were
texting your dad.
- I thought...
- I just--I wish you
would have said something.
I just wish you...
- Just--no. stop. stop.
- Would have said something
- Stop. Go smoke your weed.
Tell Mrs. Titties I said hi.
- Jackie. come on. wait!
You're always fucking...
[scoffs]
[door slams]
- I hate New York!
[screams]
- Did you miss your--
- [screams]
- Did you miss your stop
on the subway again?
- No! I ran into Manny!
- Around here?
- Yes! It was terrible.
Looking like this.
In my Zumba clothes!
- I mean. you look--
you look hot.
- I'm so pissed. Amel.
He was asking me
like why we never
talked about being exclusive.
Blah. blah. blah.
blah. blah.
- Yeah. but you didn't.
though. right?
- Just put a dagger through
my heart. why don't you?
And you remember who received
the text message
with the titties?
- Yeah. but did you ever.
like out loud. with your mouth.
say. "Hey. I wanna be
exclusive"?
- You know what?
I cannot deal with this
right now.
No one in this city
is on Team Jackie--at all!
- Jackie. you have an audition
in an hou--
[door slams]
[phone buzzing]
- They have a sixth sense
of when it's the worst time
to call.
Que. Papi?
- Jackie.
What are you doing?
- Papi. I'm walking home
from work.
- Jackie. that's dangerous!
- Papi. it's all white people.
I just passed an organic deli.
Everything's organic.
I'm telling you. be careful
walking alone at this time.
- Papi. Brooklyn
is not dangerous.
We're not in 19--
- Give me your phone!
- Oh. my G--
- Give me your phone.
- Oh. my God.
- And your bag.
- Take a Uber.
Hello?
Psh.
[speaking Spanish]
- Oh. my God. Okay.
- Let's go.
- Is that a platano?
- It's a banana. dumb-ass.
- Oh! Okay.
NSYNC lover!
- What'd you call me?
- Shit! That's the pass code
to my iCloud.
Please don't kill me.
- Bitch. are you crazy?
You just got robbed.
- Just leave my files!
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[ringing]
- Yeah?
- It's Jackie.
- Why aren't you using
your keys?
- I just got mugged.
- Oh. my God!
[buzzer]
Oh. my God. Jackie.
are you okay?
- I got mugged
in my Zumba clothes!
- Yeah. I'm gonna kill him.
- No. no.
No. no. stop. stop.
Amel. stop.
- Okay. look.
I could reschedule
your audition for you.
We can go to the cops.
- Um...
No.
- No.
- Help me rub my elbow.
and I'll borrow your
music on your phone.
- Yeah.
- And then we can go?
- Okay.
Why are these things
always happening to you?
- I don't know!
- What up. man. check this out.
Yo. Papi is hilarious!
- Yo. her parents are all
up in her business. bro!
- Damn!
- They're worse
than my mom. dog.
- [laughing]
Yo. what else she got?
There could be
some money in there.
This something good?
- Bro. you're not
lookin' right.
- Yep.
It's a go. bro.
Sell that shit.
[laughing]
[low chatter]
- Oh.
- Okay.
First audition.
It's not acting.
but it's an audience.
- [mouthing]
- Please. God.
give me strength.
I feel like I'm...
gonna throw up.
[cheers and applause on TV]
Mama. I wanna be on TV.
I wanna be an actress.
- Jennifer Lopez?
- Si. Papa.
- You can do it. Mama.
But there's a lot of rejection.
A lot of people don't make it.
Follow your heart.
Just don't leave us. okay?
- I won't.
- Hey. guys. welcome to Zumba.
My name is Jackie.
Thanks so much for being here.
I mean. you're here
'cause you wanna be here.
We all have choices in life.
so that's that.
That's fun.
[softly] Yes.
Anyone have any injuries?
And a broken heart
doesn't count!
Not that I would know!
No. Great. Awesome.
Okay. just remember it takes
a lot of courage to be here.
Um. uh. and. um.
this is our dance space.
and this is our safe space.
- Just start the class already.
[all murmuring.
scattered claps]
- Okay.
Love your enthusiasm.
Here we go.
Whoo!
[energetic dance music plays]
Gonna shake it.
Gonna shake it. shake it.
shake it.
Okay. here we go.
Five. six. seven. eight.
and go.
♪ ♪
Up...up...
Who's your daddy?
Up. up. up...
[laughter]
[grunting]
[hip-hop music]
♪ ♪